README.md, before:

# CCC 2022
Canadian Computing Competition Information

For any student at John Fraser SS interested in competing in the University of Waterloo [Canadian Computing Competition (CCC)](https://www.cemc.uwaterloo.ca/contests/ccc-cco.html) in **February 2022**, please read the information below and complete the survey.

#### When:
- February 16, 2022

#### What time:
- We will be running the contest from 08:30 - 11:30 (goes into lunch).

#### Cost:
- ~$8.25 (includes all processing fees)

#### Where:
- In-person (most probably library), or
- Online (will need a working computer and webcam for supervision/proctoring purposes)

#### Actions:
- Complete [this](https://forms.gle/uzpsy9yV6Z19oXcr5) survey to show your interest. This survey will close on January 28th at 8:30AM.
- Pay for your entry on SchoolCashOnline (available approximately January 31 - February 3)
- If you have not done so already, sign up for the [CCC Grader](https://cccgrader.com/) (this is where the contest will occur and it has practice questions). You might need a particular number for this (057307222).

Commit message:

Removed survey. Time has passed.

README.md, after:

# CCC 2022
Canadian Computing Competition Information

For any student at John Fraser SS interested in competing in the University of Waterloo [Canadian Computing Competition (CCC)](https://www.cemc.uwaterloo.ca/contests/ccc-cco.html) in **February 2022**, please read the information below and complete the survey.

#### When:
- February 16, 2022

#### What time:
- We will be running the contest from 08:30 - 11:30 (goes into lunch).

#### Cost:
- ~$8.25 (includes all processing fees)

#### Where:
- In-person (most probably library), or
- Online (will need a working computer and webcam for supervision/proctoring purposes)

#### Actions:
- Complete [~~this~~](#) survey to show your interest. This survey will close on January 28th at 8:30AM. **Sign-up time has passed. Thank you to all of those that have shown their interest.**
- Pay for your entry on SchoolCashOnline (available approximately January 31 - February 3)
- If you have not done so already, sign up for the [CCC Grader](https://cccgrader.com/) (this is where the contest will occur and it has practice questions). You might need a particular number for this (057307222).
